---
title: School Canteen Advertisement
permalink: /schoolcanteen/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong>Bendemeer Secondary School Canteen</strong></p><p><strong>has vacancy for</strong></p><p><strong>Stall 1 - Japanese / Korean / Thai Cuisine / Vegetarian Food</strong></p><p><strong>Stall 4 - Chinese Rice Stall</strong></p><p><strong>1. Requirements for Applicants</strong></p><ul><li><p>Able to provide quality food that meet the health/nutritional standards set by the Health Promotion Board, Healthy Meals in School Programme (HMSP). Applicants may also visit <a href="https://www.hpb.gov.sg/schools/school-programmes/healthy-meals-in-schools-programme" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.hpb.gov.sg/schools/school-programmes/healthy-meals-in-schools-programme</a> for more details.</p></li><li><p>Able to provide good service and keep food warm consistently. Detailed proposed pricing and menu will be determined after consultation with the successful applicant and the School’s Canteen Committee.</p></li><li><p>Able to observe a high standard of food and personal hygiene as stipulated by Ministry of the Environment and Singapore Food Agency.</p></li></ul><p><strong>2. Additional Requirements</strong></p><p>Applicants must also meet the following requirements:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Be a Singapore Citizen or Permanent Resident.</p></li><li><p>Must be present at the stall during stall operating hours.</p></li><li><p>Each stall will only be allowed to employ two stall assistants.</p></li><li><p>All canteen staff must attend and pass the Basic Food Hygiene Course. Successful applicants will arrange to attend this course on their own.</p></li><li><p>Stall must provide quality food and maintain variety of menu for students and staff at least from 0700 hrs to 1600 hrs.</p></li><li><p>Stall must operate according to school’s schedule.</p></li><li><p>Successful applicant must be ready to accommodate to operational changes whenever necessary.</p></li></ul><p><strong>3. Selection Process</strong></p><ul><li><p>Applicants can obtain the application form directly from the school’s General Office from 0800 hrs to 1700 hrs or <a href="/files/school_canteen_application_form.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">downloaded from school website</a>.</p></li><li><p>Completed application forms are to be submitted to the school’s General Office with the following supporting documents (before the closing date):</p></li></ul><p>i. Copy of NRIC front and back<br>ii. Proposed menu and price list<br>iii. Copy of Basic Food Hygiene Course Certificate (if already attended)<br>iv. Previous NEA licences, if any</p><ul><li><p>Shortlisted applicants will be invited for an interview and food sampling session with the school’s representatives. Details of this interview will be made known to the shortlisted applicants.</p></li><li><p>All applicants will be informed by the school of the outcome of their applications after the closing date.</p></li></ul><p><strong>4. Application Closing Date</strong></p><ul><li><p>Submit the completed application form and documents via email or to the school’s General Office:</p></li></ul><p>Address: 1 St Wilfred Road S327919<br>Contact No.: 62927616<br>Email: bendemeer_ss@moe.edu.sg</p><p><strong>5. For further queries</strong></p><p>Applicants may call the General Office at 62927616 or write in to bendemeer_ss@moe.edu.sg</p><p>Thank You.</p>